#summary The post of Team Assignment #2.

= Introduction =

The analysis of NerdPad application


= Details =

==NerdPad User Analysis==

The target users are the customers who are familiar with IT technology or who are willing to try new things to get the benefit of convenience.

_Age:_ the users should include all age range, but maybe more welcome by young people

_Gender:_ be same to male and female

_Ethnicity:_ be same to all ethnicity

_Education:_ should be same to people from all education levels, but people with higher level education maybe more willing to try it

_Physical abilities:_ users should have basic ability of eyes and hands, like see things and touch

_General computer experience:_ doesn't need much computer exerience

_Skills:_ doesn't need typing by users, simple reading needed

_Domain experience:_ users need basic order experience in restaurant

_Application experience:_ doesn't need user's application experience

_Work environment and other social context:_ users use this app in restaurant

_Relationships and communication patterns:_ user read information on pad and order meal by touching on it

===The stakeholders can be classified as follows:===

*Primary* stakeholders: the customers of the restaurant

*Secondary* stakeholders: the waiter, chef, and manager of the restaurant

*Tertiary* stakeholders: the investors of the restaurant

*Facilitating* stakeholders: the developers of this system



==NerdPad Task  Analysis:==

===Tasks:===

*1. Order Appetizer*

_goal:_ ordering the appetizer

_preconditions:_ the customer is sit, the customer has the tablet on, the “NerdPad” application is running on the tablet.

_Sub-tasks:_

     1.1 View Appetizers menu          

     1.2 Select the items / Skip & Back to main menu               

     1.3 Add to order              

     1.4 Back to main menu / Done with ordering

_Exceptions:_ the selected appetizer(s) is(are) finished or not as much as the customer ordered.

*2. Order Entries*

_goal:_ ordering the main dish

_preconditions:_ the customer is sit, the customer has the tablet on, the "NerdPad" application is running on the tablet.

_Sub-tasks:_

     2.1 View Entries menu  

     2.2 Select the items / Skip & Back to main menu               

     2.3 Add to order              

     2.4 Back to main menu / Done with ordering
_Exceptions:_ the selected entry(ies) is(are) finished or not as much as the customer ordered.   

*3. Order Beverages*

_goal:_ ordering the beverages

_preconditions:_ the customer is sit, the customer has the tablet on, the "NerdPad" application is running on the tablet.

_Sub-tasks:_

     3.1 View Beverages menu          

     3.2 Select the items / Skip & Back to main menu               

     3.3 Add to order              

     3.4 Back to main menu / Done with ordering
_Exceptions:_ the selected beverage(s) is(are) finished or not as much as the customer ordered.

*4. Order Dessert*

_goal:_ ordering the desset

_preconditions:_ the customer is sit, the customer has the tablet on, the "NerdPad" application is running on the tablet.

_Sub-tasks:_

     4.1 View Dessert menu                                

     4.2 Select the items / Skip & Back to main menu               

     4.3 Add to order              

     4.4 Back to main menu / Done with ordering
_Exceptions:_ the selected dessert(s) is(are) finished or not as much as the customer ordered.

*5. See the approximate preparation time*

_goal:_ show the customer the approximate time he/she should wait

_preconditions:_ the customer finishes the ordering

_Exceptions:_ some problems happened in the kitchen that caused a noticable delay in preparation time

*6. Call a waiter/waitress*

_goal:_ help the customer with unpredictable situations

_preconditions:_ the customer is sit, the customer has the tablet on, the "NerdPad" application is running on the tablet.

_Exceptions:_ all the waiters are busy at the time of call

*7. Pay the bill*

_goal:_ doing the payment

_preconditions:_ the customer is done withe the ordering, the meal is served, the customer is done with eating

_Sub-tasks:_

     7.1 View the bill

     7.2 Select the payment method                 

     7.3 Done

_Exceptions:_ the connection of system with bank server is missed, the credit card of the customer is not valid, the customer can't pay the bill anyway

There is no limitation on the frequency of entering on different menus and ordering. Even if the bill is payed, new items could be ordered and payed. 